#12: Multiple extensions - Chunks with same name may conflict (#14)
geosolutions-it/MapStoreExtension: README.md

- Edit `config.js` to change the name of your extension.
- Edit `assets/index.json` and change the "name" entry with the name of your plugin. (here you can customize dependencies, if needed)
- Edit `localConfig.json` replacing "SampleExtension", in `plugins/desktop` section, with the name of your Extension (for running local development)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - *[only for version <= 2020.01.xx]* Edit the `package.json` `name` is not needed anymore because the build process uses the name of the extension instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *[only for version <= 2020.01.xx]* Edit  `package.json` changing `name` entry with a unique name for your extension. E.g. `mapstore-extension-<package-name>.`
```

- Edit `config.js` to change the name of your extension.
- Edit `assets/index.json` and change the "name" entry with the name of your plugin. (here you can customize dependencies, if needed)
- Edit `localConfig.json` replacing "SampleExtension", in `plugins/desktop` section, with the name of your Extension (for running local development)

> Edit the package.json's name is not needed anymore because the build process uses the name of the extension instead. Anyway it is recommended to use a unique `name` in your `package.json` for each new extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *[only for version <= 2020.01.xx]* Edit the `package.json` `name` is not needed anymore because the build process uses the name of the extension instead. 

> **note** Edit the `name` in `package.json` is not needed strictly needed from version 2021.02.xx. Anyway it is a good practice to choose a unique `name` in your `package.json` for a new npm project, in general.
```

- Edit `config.js` to change the name of your extension.
- Edit `assets/index.json` and change the "name" entry with the name of your plugin. (here you can customize dependencies, if needed)
- Edit `localConfig.json` replacing "SampleExtension", in `plugins/desktop` section, with the name of your Extension (for running local development)
- *[only for version <= 2020.01.xx]* Edit  `package.json` changing `name` entry with a unique name for your extension. E.g. `mapstore-extension-<ext-name>.`

> > **note** Edit the `name` in `package.json` is not needed strictly needed from version 2021.02.xx. Anyway it is a good practice to choose a unique `name` in your `package.json` for a new npm project, in general.

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
> **note** Edit the `name` in `package.json` is not strictly needed from version 2021.02.xx. Anyway it is a good practice to choose a unique `name` in your `package.json` for a new npm project, in general.
```
